Adds support for json client for service (#39)
twirphp/twirp: docs/getting-started/usage.rst

Client stubs are automatically generated, hooray!

> There are two clients generated for each proto service- a default(e.g. HaberdasherClient) which usage protobuf serialization, and another(e.g. HaberdasherJsonClient) which usage json serialization. It is recommended(see `twitchtv/twirp docs`_) to use the default. In either case besides using the different class names there is no difference interface wise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two client stubs generated for each proto service: the default one which uses protobuf serialization, and a JSON client stub. Twirp itself supports both `protobuf and json`_, but it recommends using only protobuf in production.
```

.. _PSR-7: http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-7/
.. _Zend Diactoros: https://zendframework.github.io/zend-diactoros/usage/#server-side-applications

> .. _twitchtv/twirp docs: https://twitchtv.github.io/twirp/docs/proto_and_json.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _protobuf and json: https://twitchtv.github.io/twirp/docs/proto_and_json.html
```
